>> I'm radio and television
host, Jimmy Church,
and I'm here to uncover
the truth about some
of life's biggest mysteries.
If this is revealed,
everything has to be rewritten.
My guest today is
Adam Apollo, founder
of several successful companies
and a featured speaker
on future technologies and
unified physics at the White
House and the United Nations.
>> This is the most
advanced machine imaginable.
>> Technical assistant Josh--
Josh, can you pull up the map?
>> Yeah.
>> --also joins us to
help set the scenes.
Join us as we deep dive to
get to the bottom of some
of the most intriguing
questions of our time.
>> As soon as you consider
maybe a ship has a way to create
a gravitational envelope
around it, suddenly, boom.
They can be here like that.
[THEME MUSIC]
>> Welcome to
"Enter the Vortex."
I am your host, Jimmy
Church, and today, our guest
is Adam Apollo.
He has been researching
unified physics.
He's been teaching unified
physics and consciousness
with different academies and
of course, his own companies,
as well.
And Josh, today
is the show where
you get your knowledge on.
Are you ready?
>> Yes.
The science of consciousness
is dear to my heart.
And I know, Adam, you're on
the frontier of this research.
I'm just looking forward
to this conversation.
>> Thank you.
>> We have to start
where it all starts--
physics.
Orthodox academia and
the hard sciences,
they don't want to
discuss consciousness,
whether they can't measure it,
they can't put it into the lab,
there's a denial there.
And there's a bona fide
line in the sand where
they don't want to go here.
But I'm going to
go there right now.
What is consciousness?
>> Consciousness is an emergent
principle underlying the very
evolution, diversity,
syntropy of spacetime itself.
It's harmonic.
It's geometric.
And everything that
exists is essentially
a self-referencing,
self-learning feedback loop,
connecting with
itself, evolving itself
through this sort of
spread of frequency
and harmonics and the way
that each of those harmonics
play off of each other,
grow from each other,
are in relationship
with each other.
It's a conversation happening
at the most fundamental levels
of the universe itself.
>> When a physicist or a
scientist is asked that
question-- and everybody wants
to get this out of a scientist.
What is consciousness?
Immediately, they back down.
And the science is starting
to push towards consciousness
today.
Why is it that they want
to fight this and not
answer the question?
>> It's an old story.
It goes back hundreds of years
in the ancient philosophy that
became what we know
now as physics,
the ether was a
fundamental principle.
This understanding
that some part of us
and some part of the field of
spacetime are the same thing.
But as we got into
the Enlightenment era,
into the 1700s and 1800s,
there became a huge amount
of pressure between
religious organizations
and the scientists
and philosophers.
Because when you're talking
about consciousness,
what makes us aware, you're
getting dangerously close
to the concepts of God.
And the concepts of God
were patented, trademarked,
and owned by the religious
groups at the time,
particularly the
Roman Catholic Church,
to point fingers a little bit.
And so scientists had to try
to get outside of the space
where the church
held domain and that
meant trying to somehow explain
the fundamental faculties
of the ether and actually break
them down enough so that they
would no longer be defined in
the same realm as this story
about God.
So a physicist who used to be
a philosopher, which philosophy
was physics and then separated.
A physicist today
knows he can laugh.
He can ponder.
He can think.
He can ask questions because
he has consciousness.
She has consciousness.
They certainly understand
that they possess this,
but they don't want to
talk about what it may be.
And if that's the case,
it must be a thing
throughout the universe.
>> There's still a lingering
effect of Descartes' theories.
And Descartes essentially said
that the physics of the bodies
of beings is automata.
Everything is mechanical.
You could understand a body
just by all of the parts
and pieces that make it up.
And we still have
a strong thread
of that in the core of physics--
the idea that everything is
just a compilation of parts.
And so the physicists
now would say, oh,
that's just neurological
impulses that are residually
pinging because of the
patterns of the pings
that I had prior to this moment
and that all I'm experiencing
is the collection of
impulses that has aggregated
to form my thinking right now.
However, this misses certain
very fundamental pieces
of phenomenology.
Anyone who's actually in the
field of either deep psychology
or deep philosophy
knows and understands
that you can't
actually get the result
of an instantaneous inspiration
or impulse, a new idea,
the magic of Satori,
as they would
say in Eastern traditions, the
lightning bolts that bring us
into new levels of innovation
and understanding--
>> Inspiration.
>> --simply through some kind of
linear process of impulses that
are essentially responding to
patterns that we experienced
in the past.
>> Well, I'll give
you an example.
I'll throw this to Josh.
Josh, you can think
you can laugh.
You're thinking right now.
Do you ever wonder
why you can do that
and where your
consciousness comes from?
>> More and more,
as I get older.
Not when I was
younger, but yeah,
I question that regularly.
>> And that's the
worldview of this.
I would think that
we know it exists.
Physics today, science
is trying to suggest
that there is a little
piece of consciousness
in every particle.
And I think it's their
way of quantifying
the existence of
consciousness, and they're
trying to figure out
where it comes from.
But if there's a little
piece of consciousness
in every particle,
eventually, if you mass enough
of it together, you
get consciousness.
And this grey mass between
our ears is because so many
particles are
assembled together.
But that would say
that consciousness is
throughout the universe, then.
>> Correct.
Absolutely, and
again, you can still
see that residual
thinking from Descartes.
You add together all
the particles equals
a state of consciousness.
Holography has
shown us something
interesting and
different, where we
know that the whole can exist
in each of the parts and that
no matter which parts
you choose or pick
or how small a portion of
the parts, the entire whole
is reflected there.
Now in the field of
quantum mechanics, when
we start actually looking at
the structure of spacetime,
what we've come to understand
is that it's likely--
and Lee Smolin and the
loop quantum gravity guys
really kind of set
this in motion--
that each point
in spacetime acts
as like a bit, the same way a
computer bit works, but maybe
not just isolated
to one and zero.
Maybe a quantum bit with
fluctuation between the one
and zero, right?
>> Of both.
And so all of these little
quantum bits form this, right?
But what are we talking
about when we're saying
it's actually forming this?
We're talking about those
quantum bits forming protons.
Now, I became deeply
interested in understanding
the geometry of
the proton, mostly
through doing a lot of work with
my colleague, Nassim Haramein,
at the Resonance Academy.
And as I dove
deeper into looking
at the geometric
structures of the proton
I became highly interested in
applying Buckminster Fuller's
work and geodesics to the
understanding of how spacetime
curves.
And what I found is that
in the vortices that
would go into this nested ball
that makes up each proton,
you have these vortex tunnels.
And the vortex
tunnels, when you look
at their geometry from the
top, as if you're looking down
into the proton, the
geometric structure
is exactly the same as what
DNA looks like from the top.
And this got me
thinking maybe protons
are actually little hard
drives, storing information
from the universe.
Well, it turns out,
Jimmy, that if we
count the amount of little bits,
those quantum fluctuations that
make up a proton, it turns out
there's 10 to the 60th of them
inside of one proton.
Well, I flipped the page
over to Planck's work,
looking at all of the Planck
numbers and Max Planck,
by the way, he is the
guy who pretty much
started quantum mechanics.
And he counts time in a
unit called Planck seconds.
And it turns out
that there's also
10 to the 60th Planck seconds
in the lifetime of the universe.
>> OK, let's stop right there.
That is a huge number.
And for anybody right now
listening to 10 of the 60th,
it sounds like it's
being thrown out there.
That is how big of a number?
>> That's a 10 with
60 zeros after it.
>> What's bigger than that?
Not much, right?
>> Not much.
>> That's a huge number.
And so this would
also suggest to me
that the ability to
measure consciousness,
which is the battle.
In physics is measuring
anything right?
And even that is another
conversation in and of itself.
But is this a way to
maybe quantify and measure
consciousness?
>> It is, because as we're
getting down to the structural
fabric of spacetime itself,
we don't have the instruments
to observe that small yet
because we're talking about
literally the threshold of
the electromagnetic spectrum--
the highest possible frequency.
And so we can't capture
that on camera yet.
But when we do, it's my
theoretical assessment
that you will actually
be able to see
every layer of the
energetic body talked
about in all of these spiritual
traditions across the Earth.
You'll be able to
actually capture,
on camera the spin of
a chakra, the nature
of a nadi, the aspects
of entanglement that
are traveling through that
fundamental field in space.
And what we're
actually measuring
is gravity waves,
because gravity is just
the fluctuation and curvature
of spacetime itself.
So any impulse of consciousness
in spacetime, a movement
of consciousness in spacetime--
as above, so below--
is represented in this
fundamental quantum field.
And this connects the
dots back because it
says every proton is
remembering every moment that
exists in the lifetime
of the entire universe.
And every proton is
exchanging information
with other protons in a
shared learning field.
Now, that sounds a
lot like you and me.
>> Vast distances.
>> Let's spin this
around, if we may.
If there is an advanced
extraterrestrial civilization
out there-- we'll
call it, ETC If there
is an ETC out there that
understands this is a way
to not only communicate in
real time over vast distances
but also share
information, right?
>> Absolutely.
Gene Roddenberry
presented a great solution
to this many years ago.
And he talked about
in "Star Trek"--
the writer of "Star
Trek-- the subspace relay.
Now what the heck is
the subspace relay?
Well, in physics, what
we're actually realizing
is subspace would basically
be this Planck level field
and that there'd be some
way to entangle points
in this quantum field.
And guess what?
We went ahead and did it.
And China teleported
information and structure,
literally, molecular structure
teleported to a satellite
and back.
And that key, that understanding
that essentially you
can connect two points in
spacetime and that information
can be transferred
between those points
and maybe not just information.
Because what's matter?
Matter is just a more complex,
curved form of information
in the form of protons.
So matter transmission
across spacetime
without motion
through spacetime.
>> Now, again, the hard
sciences will say entangling one
particle with another particle
and having it affect the other
one in real time, not
at the speed of light,
but in the speed of
now, that's one thing,
and we can prove that.
But it's another thing to use
that same concept with data
transfer and communication.
I would suggest that
if you understood
how to entangle all the
particles in your mind,
with the mind and the
brain, say, of Josh,
sitting next to me here,
that if all of our particles
are entangled, we could share
any information that we wanted
to.
Isn't this what
entanglement represents?
>> It's more than a
postulation Jimmy.
It happens every
day all the time.
Think of a mother whose
child is outside playing.
The child falls and
skins their knee.
What happens?
The mom suddenly has
alarm systems going off
in her energetic body, and she
goes out to check on her child.
Every mom can relate to this.
Every person can relate
to this, because we've all
had those moments
where we think about--
we call it "your
ears burning" when
someone's talking about you.
We've all had some
experience of knowing
someone was talking about us.
And yet, we spend very little
time actually cultivating
the sensitivity to be
able to develop that
to its fullest extent.
Imagine a civilization
that has developed
that over hundreds of years
or even thousands of years
as a core part of their
culture to the point
where they're now using devices.
Instead of just
augmenting my voice
and transmitting
that over a phone
to another location
on the planet,
they're actually augmenting
that entanglement
so that those telepathic
transmissions happen more
clearly, more accurately,
and more exactly.
And guess what?
You've got to have that to
have a galactic civilization.
>> OK, so if Josh and I
are out in our starship--
he's actually a starship pilot.
He's accredited, and
he's really good.
If we're out in deep space and
we are going to a destination,
to a star, and there
is another ETC that
was just at that star system.
And we want
information about that
and what we can expect
when we get there.
How do we know who we're talking
to and where they are in space?
And how would they know where
we are and not communicating
somewhere else in the universe?
>> Well there are different
ways of refining the kind
of information reception that
can happen through telepathy.
We can see this in a lot
of the modern science work
around remote viewing.
That you can remote
view random things,
but if you very clearly
intentionally put
your consciousness in
a certain location,
even a certain GPS
coordinate, you
can get exact data
about that location.
Now, refine that a little bit
and consider an intergalactic,
an interstellar network,
essentially where you
have species on ships
all over the place,
jumping to different
star systems.
Well, on Earth,
we have airports,
and we have control towers.
And those control
towers have operators
with a bunch of radar,
who are basically
coordinating which
planes are going
to come in, in which order.
So if you're going to travel
to someone's local star system,
you're going to want to check
in with the local arrival
authority that is
controlling the space
around that planetary system.
So likely, they have a hub
somewhere on the planet.
In the Sirian system, they
do this in the polar regions,
because it's the area that's
the darkest, because they
have two suns.
So it's a little bit
easier to filter the light
and to also see in the stars.
And essentially, they're
coordinating arrivals
to that location
through telepathy.
So you, as a starship pilot, are
going to ping that star system.
And there are certain
ways that they can also
dial very specific numbers, the
same way we would on a phone,
but they use frequency sets
to dial in communication.
So they're trying to
find a specific frequency
band that's accessible
that can lock
in the telepathic connection.
And then, essentially,
you're good to go.
There's open space.
This region here,
they send the impulse
of exactly what it looks
like from that location.
Then the person piloting
the ship, essentially,
is visualizing that location,
transmits that to the ship,
augments it, jumps.
>> So help me understand this.
Josh, piloting, wouldn't
be communicating
with a piece of hardware.
It would all be done with
entanglement of the mind.
The frequency is
allowing the reception.
He would know when
it is coming in,
and then his answer back would
be at a certain frequency,
communicating back,
all in real time.
>> Not that hardware is
removed from the equation,
but that the hardware is
essentially biofeedback
mechanisms amplifying the
natural capacity of the human
body.
So if you think about it,
we're already doing that.
Like, we have the
ability to be telepathic.
But in order to confirm that
that person just thought
about you, what do we do?
We call them on the phone.
We look at them on video.
We talk to them.
And so our device is augmenting
us with the capacities
we know right now to do that.
But then consider the next
level of that tech, where
it's actually
providing biofeedback
to you of what your
own body is capable of.
This is the most advanced
machine imaginable.
And so just giving feedback to
our own vehicle of the power
that we have provides
us with a mechanism
for that kind of communication.
And you would absolutely be
able to holographically display
someone who is remote
viewing into your ship.
You'd absolutely be able to,
essentially, project yourself
as a hologram for somebody else.
I mean, you can imagine the kind
of translocational presencing
that goes way beyond Zoom.
>> Do we do that and
not even know it?
>> Yes, absolutely.
>> If we're out with a group--
I keep using Josh
as a reference,
but he's a magnet, right?
And so again, we're out, and
we want to see something cool,
maybe something arrive here.
And we're projecting that.
Is that like a beam or
an antenna to an ETC
out there going, hey, Josh
and Jimmy are saying hello.
Do they see us?
Do they feel us?
And do they-- are we calling
them in that way and not even--
we're not aware of it?
>> In my Guardian
Alliance Training School,
one of the Jedi practices
that we do during retreats,
especially, is we have a circle
of people surround a person,
and that person is blindfolded.
And the circle people
switch off, essentially,
focusing on that person and
pointing little fire fingers
at that person.
And the person blindfolded
has to sense in the field
can they feel that angular
vector coming at them
and turn their attention
in that direction?
And this is a sort
of trick to unlocking
the deeper sensory perceptions
involved in higher level
martial arts.
But now, extend that idea to the
directional focus and intention
that we all radiate
all the time,
and imagine you're on a ship
able to look at the Earth.
And you're able to
see when there's
an intentional beam
going out trying
to connect to a
certain star system
or trying to connect
out to some life that's
outside the atmosphere.
And there is such an
intense desire and focus
that it literally is like
a vector ray coming off
the planet that's able to be
perceived by these advanced
instruments inside
of these ships.
And by the way, more than
just those vector rays,
they can actually see
harmonic field sets
with different color
coding, illustrating
the level of consciousness,
tension, emotionality, et
cetera in a whole vast
area around a city.
So they can tell
if there's places
in the city way out of coherence
and others way in coherence.
>> Is it something that we would
call, maybe, like a beacon.
Is that the right way to say it?
>> Yeah, absolutely.
>> And so and they could
gauge, through colors,
what's cool and what's not.
And I don't want to
sound fundamental here,
but that sounds like
that's what's going on.
>> Well, right now, we have
a project called the Global
Coherence Initiative.
And the Global
Coherence Initiative
has instrumentation
around the planet,
and it can actually pick up
what the electromagnetic field
levels are in different
cities around the planet.
And what we find is when there
are major events occurring
on the planet, oftentimes,
there is this massive increase
of synchronization that
goes on between the states
of all these instruments
around the planet.
And so that's our sort of
big, brute force measurement
to get to this kind
of information.
But they're 1,000
years ahead of us
in terms of highly-defined,
individualized studies
of coherence.
Is you and your household in
a state of coherence or not?
And it's not to say you're good
or bad if you're in coherence
or not.
But someone's who's in a
high state of coherence,
low level of fear, anxiety, et
cetera, high levels of love,
connection, feeling,
openness, now
that looks like
someone who might be
willing to have a conversation.
>> Josh have you ever
called in a ship?
>> No but this conversation's
giving a lot of credence
to the idea of these groups
of people coming together
and using meditative
states to reach out.
I always believed in it,
but after this, there's
a lot more evidence
to back that up.
>> What would you
do because he, Adam,
has not only called in
things and interacted,
but it appears that it's
pretty quick and that it's not
something that is imagined
when this goes down.
But if you-- you
haven't done it yet.
But I'm asking you, if you
went out with Adam and I,
and you called in a ship and
something appeared above you,
how does that change your world?
>> First, I would
try not to panic,
even though I want that
experience to happen.
It would change my worldview,
because immediately, it
would give evidence that there
is more life out there than I
realize and that the
science of consciousness
and how we all connect makes
us closer than we realize.
>> And that's what
happens with you.
You always have somebody in the
group that is like, eh, right?
And then it happens.
>> There's usually a threshold
to overcome in the resistance
factor first.
One of the things that I learned
from having conversations
with different star beings,
starting back in 2005,
is that when someone is in
a high state of resistance
and they're not willing
to believe what they see,
they can write off anything.
I've had ships come in and
literally turn 90 degree
and do a check mark, and
they're obsessed for a moment
with the phenomenology of it.
Like, oh, my God.
Like, what was that?
Was that a ship, you know?
And then, they're like, is
it going to happen again?
And then they start doubting.
Did I really just see that?
Did I really just
have that experience?
I had a friend in
Sedona, who I've
worked with for many years.
He got me into the White House
and the UN, back in the day,
as a speaker.
He wanted me to assess how many
of the youth in those events
were interested in these
topics and new energy systems.
And that actually got me
to get a bunch of funding
for Nassim and his research.
And he was like,
I've never seen them.
I've never seen a ship.
Can we do that right now?
We're out in the
desert in Sedona.
We went on a walk.
We're out in the
middle of nowhere.
I'm like, let's do it right now.
And so I open up.
I start feeling into the stars.
I show him a little
star-linking practice.
Get him really opened
up, and I'm like,
just be patient and be still.
We're sitting there for
a couple of minutes.
He clicks over, and he
describes this to me afterwards.
He was like anticipating,
anticipating, doubting,
doubting, afraid.
It's not going to happen.
He's already disappointed.
And then he lets go.
And he's like, you know what?
I felt this feeling
like, you know, whatever.
Maybe it's not real.
Maybe it doesn't matter.
Why am I so focused and
affixed on this happening?
Right then, right
when he let go, boom.
Ship shows up.
And then another ship and
another ship and another ship.
And they show up.
They pulse across the
sky, pulsing together.
Disappearing.
Coming in, kind of
like a little chain.
And he's blown open so
much, he just starts crying.
And his heart is open.
He's like, my God, Adam.
It's true.
It's real.
And he didn't even
know how to deal
with it, how to process it.
And he shared with me this
moment of this releasing.
But even after
that experience, he
still came back to
me in an email, like,
did that really happen?
Because he hadn't opened
up enough of the neural
pathways to actually accept
this possible new reality.
And that's what it takes--
a shift to a new state of belief
and a new state of openness
and a new state of being.
And that shift is an
initiation process.
This is why it doesn't
just happen to everybody.
We have to be willing
to go deeper, explore
more of ourselves,
find out who we are
and why do we need to know?
>> There are so many different
civilizations out there?
And I think that the
number is nearly infinite.
It has to be.
The universe itself
is infinite, and we
know that in our own
Milky Way, right now,
science is telling us we have
80 billion Earth-like planets
in the Goldilocks
zone, right here
in our galactic neighborhood.
That would suggest that we
have a lot of different things
checking out planet Earth.
But how do they get here?
Are we looking for--
when you say a ship
appears above you,
is this a nuts-and-bolts
situation?
Is it interdimensional?
Are they folding space?
Are we not seeing them get here?
Do we not make that
observation of their arrival,
and then boom, they're
just appearing above us?
How does this happen?
>> The factor in science
that it's one of the big
limitations, and this was a
fault that even Stephen Hawking
fell into.
He said, extraterrestrials
can't come to Earth,
because they would have
to expend all of this fuel
and travel through
all of this space.
And then eventually,
they'd finally get here,
and they'd be out of resources.
And then they'd
have to come down
and mine our planet to
get their resources back
to be able to get back
home, and generations
would die along the way.
And I say, well, look, that's
a major fallacy, because that
assumes the same level of
technology that we have, right?
That's assuming that you
only have horses and buggies.
There's no such thing as a car.
>> That's the only way that
we can look at it, right?
>> Yeah, I mean, we
get stuck in that lens.
But as soon as
you consider maybe
a ship has a way to create
a gravitational envelope
around it and essentially,
transposition itself
to a new spot--
quantum teleportation
but at scale for a ship.
Suddenly, boom, they
can be here like that.
Second, they're not using
light to communicate.
So if we're sending out
beams of radio waves trying
to talk to the Pleiades,
they're 400 light years away.
It's not getting
there for 400 years.
They're using quantum
communication.
They're using telepathic
It's instantaneous.
It's in a totally
different zone,
and it's not using
light as the mechanism.
So the things we're trying
to sense as communication
methods, even SETI's obsession
with let's find a laser beam
coming from another planet.
Well, yeah but
what's your point?
Because they're not using
those laser beams to talk.
That's way too slow.
And so the ships are here.
The ships have been here.
They've been visiting
this planet for thousands
and thousands of years.
All the stories of the gods
and goddesses, back in the day,
coming down, making demigod
babies occasionally,
superhero abilities,
fantastic tools
that could regenerate food.
>> Sharing information.
Yeah, right.
>> They've been here, and we're
now in a stage where we're just
starting to open up
to that realization.
And we're starting to
understand the physics of how
it could work.
>> Tonight, Josh,
you, Adam, and I,
are going to go
call in some ships.
Are you ready?
>> Yes, please.
>> This has been a great
conversation today, Adam.
Thank you so much.
>> It's really a
pleasure, Jimmy.
Thanks for having me.
>> This is "Into the Vortex."
I'm your host, Jimmy
Church, and Josh
and I will catch
you on the next one.